street art is a core part of Montreal's
soul and identity since 2013 every year
in June the city hosts something called
the mural festival during this festival
artists from around the world gather in
the city for 11 days to repaint some of
Montreal's biggest walls and change the
colors of the city so we decided to give
a tribute to the city by sharing this
part of Montreal's culture one of the
most prominent street artists that has
taken part in the mural festival since
its inception is what is adam AKA
wi a WI a is an anonymous street artist
known for taking North American wildlife
and morphing them by placing them in a
modern setting there is one piece in
particular that he is best known for the
Maple scissored can taken from the
classic Canadian maple syrup can WI a
added a twist to it with a reference to
pop culture naming it maple sizzurp WI a
is a good friend of mine and he allowed
us to come with him and his friends to
do a big hit on Morial his goal for that
night was to paste his maple scissor
piece on the trashman's located
throughout the mountain his overall
purpose was to turn something as trivial
as a trash can into a piece of art so
the earphones are basically because I
will dial you on the phone and then we
can stay communicating that way oh good
meeting might be done an hour might be
done in like three hours I don't know I
hope they stay last time they lasted
like two or three weeks he explained to
us his perspective on street art in
general and his personal philosophy I do
a lot of stuff that's like stereotypical
can
a dream yeah so like you know deers
buffaloes like all this American
wildlife yeah but then I've always lived
in the city I've always lived in much up
so for me it's kind of run it because I
like I didn't grow up seeing these
animals and I had to go looking for them
going outside the city and so when I
draw the animals they're always like but
the deer is a prostituting deer that's
salmon off for the longest time was
where prostitutes
you know just to get picked up and stuff
and so in an attempt to make the city
more beautiful we were on our way we
found it first can very easily but
quickly realized that the city had
replaced most of them with plastic
squared trash cans instead to find cans
we had to walk around the entire Hill
for several hours but we ended up pacing
21 cans unrolled it like that the
Campbell Soup yeah and so I thought it
would be fun to do that version and in
the desert I would do paper scissor
then the Wayne reference code that make
you like pop culture reference eken if I
did it and it caught on really quick my
people just started recognizing and now
I have the rights to that image that
records but there's nothing politically
motivated by what I do
so it's different but American Street
are a lot of what we see it is not at
all polluted much more driven by humor
and a by dices the nature usually a
boredom most other places you street art
for political motivation is to spread
the word because they can't know how is
that from the social media that we
though to our great surprise a main
predator for the night was dozens of
raccoons protecting the food throughout
this experience we kept wondering one
thing why doesn't the city hire him to
make all of Morell's trash cans look
this beautiful see you tomorrow